Part I
------

1. make a directory called first 
mkdir first

2. change directory to the first folder 
cd first

3. create a file called person.txt 
touch person.txt

4. change the name of person.txt to another.txt 
mv person.txt another.txt

5. make a copy of the another.txt file and call it copy.txt 
cp another.txt copy.txt

6. remove the copy.txt file  
rm copy.txt

7. make a copy of the first folder and call it second  
cp -r first second

8. delete the second folder  
rm -fr second


Part II
-------

1. What does the man command do?  
man command displays the manual / documentation of the specified command and its flags.

Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?  
By using the enter key as well as up/down arrows [ on mac ]

2. Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?
-l |List files in the long format, as described in the The Long Format subsection below.
-a |Include directory entries whose names begin with a dot (.)

3. How do you jump between words in the terminal?
option + [left/right] arrow keys

4. How do you get to the end of a line in terminal?
control + e

5. How do you move your cursor to the beginning in terminal?
control + a

6. How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?
control + w

7. What is the difference between a terminal and shell?
A terminal is a program that provides a command line interface, while a shell is the program that executes the commands [ A termal wraps the shell ]

8. What is an absolute path?
This is a detailed specific location of a file or folder from the root directory within the system.

9. What is an relative path?
It is a way to reference the location of a file or directory in relation to the current working directory. Where the current working directory is denoted by a (.) and the parent directorty it is denoted by (..)

10. What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.
A flag is an instruction that enhances a terminal command eg. -a -f -r -l

11. What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?
-f |It is an attempt to remove the files without prompting for confirmation, regardless of the file's permissions.
-r |It is equivalent to  -R. Which is an attempt to remove the file hierarchy rooted in each file argument.